auto restart: add note about enabling plugin (#475)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/user-guide/writing-workflows/scheduler.rst

The hosts must:

1. Share a common ``$HOME`` directory

>    (with eachother and anywhere the ``cylc play`` command is run).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (with each other and anywhere the ``cylc play`` command is run).
```
